
# Mosel - Python Implementation

An Xpress-Python implementation of the model presented on the paper "A many - to - many assignment game and stable outcome algorithm to evaluate collaborative Mobility - as - a - Service platforms", by Theodoros P. Pantelidis , Joseph Y.J. Chow , Saeid Rasulkhani.

## Prerequisites

+ FICO Xpress - Mosel Language
+ Python (+Networkx)

## Usage

### Data 

The model's only input is the optimal_flow.dat file, which basically replicates the state of the network. The model has been tested on the mini-case that is presented on the paper. For now the optimal_flow.dat file is handcrafted. The stability.dat file is generated by the results of the optimal_flow.mos file, along with the constraints generated in the constraint generation.py.

### Main

This is a two stage model. Firsly, the optimal_flow.mos file is executed where the optimal assignment is located for this network allowing multimodality for the selected routes. Then the results of the LP, as well as the dual of the link capacity constraint are fed to the constraint_generation.py to generate constaints for the stable outcome problem using core allocations to reduce dimensionality of the following LP. Along with the constraints the results from the MILP are stored in the stability.dat. Using stability.dat the model stability.mos can be executed twice, once for maximizing utility surplus and once for maximizing income for the operators of the game.

### Outputs

The results are the boundaries for pricing and utility suprlus that maintain stability on the given network. When maximizing surplus the user-optimal pricing is determined and when maximizing income the operator optimal is determined. It's possible that the problem is infeasible as stability is not generally guaranteed.

### Further work

There is work to be done in the passing of the duals to the model, as for the moment they are passed manually.


## Authors

Ilias Parmaksizoglou